Move to Poetry and Python 3.8 (#363)
4dn-dcic/tibanna: README.md

---
Note: Starting `0.8.2`, Tibanna supports local CWL/WDL files as well as shell commands and Snakemake workflows.

> Note 2: As of Tibanna version `2.0.0`, Python 3.6 is deprecated. Please switch to Python 3.8!

Reviewer: 3.6 is not deprecated. This is an incompatible change to make 3.6 unsupported.

Deprecation means "fully supported during a transition period, but something you are advised to move out of". In this case, with no (apparent) notice, you're saying "it went away". That's not deprecation.
```suggestion
Note 2: As of Tibanna version `2.0.0`, Python 3.6 is no longer supported. Please switch to Python 3.8! Python 3.7 is also supported as a fallback, but please prefer 3.8 if you can.
```
